Purrfect Pet Services
Test plan

Table of Contents

1.  Introduction
1.1 Purpose of the test plan document

This document serves as a test plan. It describes the testing approach and automation framework that will test the application.
This document describes:
o Application under test overview
o Testing strategy
o Test management
o Test Risks
o Deliverables

Each section is divided into several subsections that serve to provide more detailed insight on the description and the goals of that section.
This document focuses on the functional testing of the application. Providing details on the strategy and management
 of performance testing and security testing is not in the scope of
this document.

1.2 APPLICATION UNDER TEST OVERVIEW - Purrfect Pet Services

A pet services company was opened in a small town and quickly grew popular.
To expedite their processing times to accept pets, they decided to create
 a web application so people could register their pets for services online.
 It was so successful that many other companies wanted to integrate with them,
 so they also made a public API to register their pets and integrate with their
 own services.

2.  TESTING STRATEGY
  The company utilizes the Behavior Driven Testing approach to ensure that automated testing
  brings business value. The company will work to identify priorities based on the value they bring.
   Tools like Cucumber BDD, Selenium WebDriver will be used to implement the BDD testing approach.
2.1 TEST SCOPE

2.1.1 Functional testing.
 Functional testing will be performed to verify if the application features are
 developed according to the specifications. Functional testing will be done manually and using automation.
 BA will provide the scenarios for functional tests. However, testers also will need to write scenarios for
functional tests when required.
Functional testing will be carried out by the functional testing team.

2.1.Layers of testing
 Functional testing will be on three layers of the application:
 UI, API, and Database. In each layer, tests can be executed manually or using automation.

2.2 TEST ENVIRONMENT
QA1 environment - Functional testing
QA2 environment - Non-Functional testing
Staging environment - UAT testing

A window environment with Google Chrome and later should be available to each tester

3. SCHEDULE / Sprint Iteration

Iteration (or) Build No     Iteration#1(sprint#1)
Start Date                  27-June-2022
End Date                    30-June-2022



4. ROLE &  RESOURCES

4.1 Project Management
 Project Manager: reviews the content of the Test Plan, Test Strategy, and Test Estimates signs off on it.

4.2 Test Lead

Ensure entrance criteria are used as input before starting the execution.
Develop test plans and guidelines to create test conditions, test cases, expected results, and execute scripts.
Provide guidelines on how to manage defects.  Attend status meetings in person or via the conference call line.
Communicate to the test team any changes that need to be made to the test deliverables or application and when they will be completed.
Provide on-premise or telecommute support.

4.3 Test Team

Develop test conditions, test cases, expected results, and execute scripts.
Perform execution and validation.
Identify, document, and prioritize defects according to the guidance provided by the Test lead.
Re-test after software modifications have been made according to the schedule.
Prepare testing metrics and provide regular status.



5 . RISKS & MITIGATION:

NO
Risk
Mitigation
1
Resource not enough, schedule
Holiday and vacation estimation is included in original schedule
2
Hardware failure during testing
Make ready It team, also maintain backup h/w resources.
3
Too many bugs to handle
Defect management plan is in place to ensure prompt communication and fixing of issues.

